Fix a dead link (#375)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/permissions-settings/access-rights-on-products.md

### The edition right
If a user **has rights to only edit product information** for the products that are in a given category (ie his user groups have at least the `Allowed to edit products` permission), he will be able to:
*   View the product information

> *   Create a product [draft](proposals-workflow.html#contribute-to-a-working-copy) that will need to be approved by the product manager

Reviewer: I think this link will be better, what do you think?
```suggestion
*   Create a product [draft](proposals-workflow.html#statuses-of-products) that will need to be approved by the product manager
```

Author: As it's about the process to create a draft, I'm not sure that "statuses of products" is better than "contribute-to-a-working-copy".
But it's your documentation, so tell me what you prefer to put.

Reviewer: You're totally right. My bad.
